There are two purposes in this assignment. The first purpose is to design a system that can detect license and vulnerability information for an Open Source Software. The second purpose is to compare the identified license and vulnerability information against the policies of a company. In this system, the developer downloads a software package to be installed onto his or her computer. The software package then gets scanned through the License Scanner to check for license information of that software package. It also gets scanned through the NIST Vulnerability Database in order to check for vulnerability information of a particular software package. The NIST Vulnerability Database returns the vulnerability information back to the developer. The License Scanner returns the license information back to the developer. After that, the Management process writes license and vulnerability information to the License and Vulnerabilities Database Query, which returns it to the License and Vulnerabilities Database. Since the developer wants to know the results of the license and vulnerability information of a software package that he or she downloaded, the developer actually requests that the responses from the License and Vulnerabilities Database Query be updated to him or her. 

There is also a manager in this system. The manager's primary job is to add new policies or edit existing policies. Whenever a manager requests policy information for a specific software package, the Policies Database first checks for all the policies of a specific software package. Then, it returns those results back to the manager. Whenever a manager adds new policies or edit existing policies, the Policies Database gets updated as the manager modifies the policy information. Lastly, the manager requests license and vulnerability information. This request goes through the License and Vulnerabilities Database Query. The License and Vulnerabilities Database then scans those results from the License and Vulnerabilities Database Query. The responses get returned to the License and Vulnerabilities Database Query, which finally returns those responses back to the manager. 
